Flesh out docs + doctests (#14)
logannc/fuzzywuzzy-rs: README.md

> # fuzzywuzzy-rs [![docs.rs badge](https://docs.rs/fuzzywuzzy/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/fuzzywuzzy) [![crates.io badge](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/fuzzywuzzy.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/fuzzywuzzy)

Reviewer: Perhaps this should go onto the line below? I personally prefer the look on separate lines.

Author: Done.

> Fuzzy string matching like a boss. It uses Levenshtein Distance to calculate the differences between sequences in a simple-to-use package.
> [fuzzywuzzy](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy)

> This is a Rust clone of the python package fuzzywuzzy. We attempt to be 100% compatible with the python version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Rust port of the Python package fuzzywuzzy. We aim to be drop-in replacement for the original.
```

> At the time of writing, our matching algorithm is based on the difflib implementation results which may, in rare cases, [have slightly different results](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy/issues/128) compared to the python Levenshtein implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, our matching algorithm is based on [difflib](https://github.com/DimaKudosh/difflib/wiki), rather than original's Levenshtein-based implementation. This may, in rare cases, cause the ported functions to [behave differently than their original counterpart](https://github.com/seatgeek/fuzzywuzzy/issues/128).
```

Author: It's based on the python version, not the rust version.
